# Problem 1 (40 pts)


## Part 1 - 10 pts

Suppose you would like to simulate the experiment of flipping a coin that gives head with probability $p$ and tail with probability $1-p$. Write a function that simulate this coin flipping experiment.

**Note**: Your function shoud take $p$ as input and return either "head" or "tail".


## Part 2 - 10 pts

Specify a value of $p$, say $0.3$, create a list that contains 1000 flips of such coin. Use the list, create a barplot for "head" and "tail". Does the number of heads and tails make sense for the $p$ you specify?


## Part 3 - 20 pts

The number of head in 1 flip is actually the so-called Bernoulli random variable with parameter $p$, which is a special case of the Binomial variable $Bin(1, p)$. For Bernoulli and Binomial random variables, we have the following relationship:

If $X_1$, $X_2$, $\dots$, $X_n$ are independent Bernoulli random variable from $Bernoulli(p)$, then $\sum_{i=1}^n X_i \sim Bin(n, p)$.

Now, use the function you write in part 1, create another function that return the number of head in $n$ flips, which is a Binomial random variable.

**Note**: Your function should take 2 arguments as inputs ($n$, $p$), and return the number of head in $n$ flips.


# Problem 2 (20 pts)

Suppose there is 365 days, denote 1-365, in a year and the chance of getting born in each day is the same. Write a function to generate a birthday for a random person, using the `random.uniform` method from the `numpy` package.

**Note**: The birthday of a random person is a discrete random variable that has the following distribution

| Birthday ($xᵢ$) | $P$             |
|--------------- |--------------- |
| 1               | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| 2               | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| 3               | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| 4               | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| &#x2026;        | &#x2026;        |
| 363             | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| 364             | $\frac{1}{365}$ |
| 365             | $\frac{1}{365}$ |